FRONTEND:
TAILWIND CSS
React stuff
Typescript 
Feather Icons

Backend => Custom WebServer made with Vert.x
Tools:
    Vert.x
    mySQL
    Yarn
Notes:
    A WebServer?
        Software that serves web content. Anything that can be on the web and be transferred on the web.
        Uses the HTTP protocol
        Uses Static; bland content and Dynamic; responsive and highly changable tings. Content
        Used to Host web pages
    How does a web server work?
        The client device makes a request to wherever the server is running (AWS) and it the server processes that request and return what its supossed to.
    What does a web server do?
        1. Listens
            waits for requests. Does nothing until we get a request
        2. On a port
            http port 80
        3. For a request
            literelly a request like post, get etc. 
            HTTP request lol
            HTTP and FTP are collective meaning you cant mix them up
        4. Transport protocol
             TCP protocol a shipper kinda service.
        5. Response
            We get on abck from the server.
            Suppose we have a button to show us a numebr one.
            Once we press the button... we send a request GJ
            then the server gets that and goes to its code and handles the task it supposed to do when the button is pressed: in this case to show the nnumber 1.
        6. Resource
            Routing
            /LOL/stoopid/dank/dum-dum
            Static routing is basically just like a file system <== this is boring doe this is used when we have stuff were data doesnt change often.
            Dynamic routing is when we have data that often changes like a users feed or profile
                You cant do this statically so you woukld save the current state of that to a database and update it dynamically.
                A place where our app can start and then based on requests we can make a collective redirect to the server that the user wants to go to.

    What is a database?
        Basically its an organized collection of data.
        mySQL is a relational database
            It is filled with tables that have rows and columns

